Create DomainEvents.md (#801)
wix-incubator/wix-rest-docs: guides/DomainEvents.md

Reviewer: grammatically the "standard create, update ...." is strange. Maybe just remove the word "standard"

# Webhook structure

> Wix exposes webhooks for CUD actions and relevant additional actions in a standardized format. 

Reviewer 2: CUD is not a well known term

The data payload will include the following as an encoded JWT:

| Field name | Description | 
| :-------------- | :------- |  
| `data` | |

> | `data.eventType`| Webhook event type. For example: `wix.contacts.v4.contact_merged`. |

Reviewer 2: The docs of each specific event will mention the expected value

| `data.instanceId`| App instance ID, the identifier of the site where the event occurred. |
| `data.data`| Data payload as stringified JSON. See the **Data payload** table. |
| `data.identity` | Identity data as stringified JSON. | // Identity of what??

> | `data.identity.identityType`| Identity type that triggered this event. Supported values: `ANONYMOUS_VISITOR`, `MEMBER`, `WIX_USER`, `APP`. See [Identities](https://dev.wix.com/docs/build-apps/develop-your-app/access/about-identities).|

Reviewer 2: separate this into a section that described the stringified json

> | `data.identity.anonymousVisitorId` | Visitor ID. |

Reviewer 2: oneOf with the other identity ids

| `data.identity.memberId`|  Member ID. |
| `data.identity.wixUserId` | Wix User ID. | 
| `data.identity.appId` | App ID. | 
    

## Data payload

> The data payload will always include the following fields:

Author: ```suggestion
The `data.data` payload will always include the following fields:
```

| Field name | Description | 
| :-------------- | :------- |  
| `id` | Webhook event ID. Note that this ID is not related to the ID of the affected entity. |

> | `slug` | Event type. Common values include: `created`, `updated`, and `deleted`. Non-CUD actions will return a slug that corresponds to the action taken. For example, the [Merge Contacts](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/members-contacts/contacts/contacts/contact-v4/merge-contacts) endpoint triggers a webhook with slug: `merge`. |

Reviewer 2: ~CUD~

Reviewer 2: Maybe use an example that complies with the guidelines of past tense verb like "merged"

> | `entityFqdn` | Fully qualified domain name of the entity associated with the event. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `entityFqdn` | Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) of the entity associated with the event. |
```

| `entityId` | ID of the affected entity. For example, the affected contact ID. |

> | `eventTime` | Timestamp when the webhook was triggered. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `eventTime` | Timestamp when the webhook was triggered, in UTC time zone. |
```

> | `eventTime` | Timestamp when the webhook was triggered, in UTC format. |

Reviewer 2: When the action happened

> | `eventTime` | Timestamp when the webhook was triggered, in UTC time zone. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `eventTime` | Timestamp when the webhook was triggered, in UTC format. |
```

| `triggeredByAnonymizeRequest` | Whether this change was triggered by a request to apply a privacy regulation. |

> | `originatedFrom` | The slug of the action that triggered this change, when applicable. For example, when a contact is deleted due to merging of 2 contacts, this field will be populated with `merge`. |

Reviewer 2: Will be specified in the webhook doc

> In addition, each webhook will include one of the following fields with data specifc to the event:

Reviewer 2: Each event slug type contains one of the following fields.
add a column for slug

Reviewer 2: Check how diff works....

| Field name | Description | 
| :-------------- | :------- |  
| `createdEvent` | Complete entity that was created. |
| `updatedEvent` | Complete entity that was updated. |
| `actionEvent` | Data related to the non-standard action that was taken, generally including the complete entity. For example, the [Contact Merged](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/members-contacts/contacts/contacts/contact-v4/contact-merged) webhook returns the IDs of the source and target contact IDs in addition to the complete updated entity.|
| `deletedEvent` | ID of the entity that was deleted. |

> ## Legacy webhooks

Reviewer 2: Mention legacy vs. standardized (domain events) at the beginning
Maybe we need a feature from docs to mark "standard" domain events

Wix also returns some legacy webhooks that don't follow the above standard.

> For example, the legacy Wix Stores [Product Changed](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/business-solutions/stores/catalog/product-changed) webhook only returns the fields that were updated, and these fields are returned in a flat list, not according to the object structure returned in the calls.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, the legacy Wix Stores [Product Changed](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/business-solutions/stores/catalog/product-changed) webhook only returns the fields that were updated, and these fields are returned in a flat list, not according to the full object structure.
```

# Webhook structure

> Wix exposes webhooks for standard create, update, and delete actions, and relevant additional actions in a standardized format. 

Author: ```suggestion
Wix exposes webhooks for standard create, update, and delete actions, and relevant additional actions.
Most webhooks are organized in a standard format, as described below. Wix also has some legacy webhooks that don't comply with the standardized format.
```

# Webhook structure

> Wix exposes webhooks for standard create, update, and delete actions, and relevant additional actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wix exposes webhooks for create, update, and delete actions, and relevant additional actions.
```

Most webhooks are organized in a standard format, as described below. Wix also has some legacy webhooks that don't comply with the standardized format.

> The data payload will include the following as an encoded JWT:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data payload will consist of the following information encoded as a JWT:
```

| Field name | Description | 
| :-------------- | :------- |  
| `data` | |
| `data.eventType`| Webhook event type, as documented in each webhook. For example: `wix.contacts.v4.contact_merged`. |
| `data.instanceId`| App instance ID, the identifier of the site where the event occurred. |
| `data.data`| Data payload as stringified JSON. See the **Data payload** table. |
| `data.identity` | Identity data as stringified JSON. See the **Identity payload** table. | // Identity of what??

## Data payload

> The `data.data` payload will always include the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `data.data` payload includes the following fields:
```

Author: @laurakedem  I wanted to differentiate between the fields that are always returned, and the ones that change based on the webhook type. If you think that differentiation isn't necessary, I'll cut it

| Field name | Description | 
| :-------------- | :------- |  
| `id` | Webhook event ID. Note that this ID is not related to the ID of the affected entity. |
| `slug` | Event type. Common values include: `created`, `updated`, and `deleted`. Non-standard actions will return a slug that corresponds to the action taken, as documented in each webhook. For example, the [Merge Contacts](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/members-contacts/contacts/contacts/contact-v4/merge-contacts) endpoint triggers a webhook with slug: `merge`. |
| `entityFqdn` | Fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of the entity associated with the event, as documented in each webhook. |
| `entityId` | ID of the affected entity. For example, the affected contact ID. |
| `eventTime` | Timestamp when the event was triggered, in [ISO-8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format and UTC time. |
| `triggeredByAnonymizeRequest` | Whether this change was triggered by a request to apply a privacy regulation. |

> | `originatedFrom` | The slug of the action that triggered this change, when applicable, as documented in each webhook. For example, when a contact is deleted due to merging of 2 contacts, this field will be populated with `merge`. |

Reviewer: Can you search and remove all the "wills"

| Field name | Slug | Description | 
| :-------------- | :------- |  :------- |  
| `createdEvent` | `created` | Complete entity that was created. |
| `updatedEvent` | `updated` | Complete entity that was updated. |
| `deletedEvent` | `deleted` | ID of the entity that was deleted. |
| `actionEvent` | Non-standard, as documented in each webhook. | Data related to the non-standard action that was taken, generally including the complete entity. For example, the [Contact Merged](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/members-contacts/contacts/contacts/contact-v4/contact-merged) webhook returns the IDs of the source and target contact IDs in addition to the complete updated entity.|

## Identity payload

The `data.identity` payload will include the type and ID of the identity that triggered the event:

| Field name | Description | 
| :-------------- | :------- |  
| `data.identity.identityType`| Identity type that triggered this event. Supported values: `ANONYMOUS_VISITOR`, `MEMBER`, `WIX_USER`, `APP`. See [Identities](https://dev.wix.com/docs/build-apps/develop-your-app/access/about-identities).|
| One of: |

> | `data.identity.anonymousVisitorId` | Visitor ID. |

Reviewer: Visitor ID. - can we remove the periods here as they are not full sentences

Author: AFAIK we always use periods, even in cases like this, for consistency's sake

| `data.identity.memberId`|  Member ID. |
| `data.identity.wixUserId` | Wix User ID. | 
| `data.identity.appId` | App ID. | 

## Legacy webhooks
Wix also returns some legacy webhooks that don't follow the above standard.
For example, the legacy Wix Stores [Product Changed](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/business-solutions/stores/catalog/product-changed) webhook only returns the fields that were updated, and these fields are returned in a flat list, not according to the full object structure.

> We're working to replace these webhooks with new ones that align with the above standard, but in the meantime your may depend on a webhook that doesn't align with the standard structure.

Reviewer: Something missing here:

your may depend on a webhook

Author: I probably started writing "your app" and switched to "you"

Author: ```suggestion
We're working to replace these webhooks with new ones that align with the above standard, but in the meantime you may depend on a webhook that doesn't align with the standard structure.
```
